A bowl of rice, a thousand households, a single person, ten thousand miles away,
begging for alms, the
alms bowl brings blessings and benefits to all beings, renouncing worldly life to
seek the sacred path, the
alms bowl brings blessings to every household, eradicating evil, preaching the Dharma to save sentient beings. Respectfully, esteemed Great Friends, before us, this is called the alms bowl stupa. The alms bowl stupa
symbolizes the immense compassion of the Buddha.
When our Buddha passed through
here to enter Nirvana, the Lich Chavi
people, who deeply loved the Buddha,
read the Three Jewels Sutra. We know that
after the city of Vesali was hit by a
great cholera epidemic due to floods and storms, they
invited the Buddha and the Sangha to
come. When the Buddha arrived, the
gods rejoiced, and 500 monks chanted the
Three Jewels Sutra, which brought the epidemic under
control. Afterward, the people of Vesali offered
the Buddha a
large, pointed-roofed building,
like a lecture hall, for the Buddha
to preach to the people. From
then on, the Lich Chavi people here greatly
respected him.  Because of the Buddha, when we
read the scriptures, there are many stories
about the Buddha teaching the people of Lich
Chavi. When our Buddha
passed through here to enter Nirvana,
the people of Lich Chavi welcomed him with great affection. When the
Buddha entered Nirvana,
the people of Lich Chavi did not leave his side; they were
very attached to him. They
accompanied the Buddha all the way to the border between the
two countries, but they
could not cross from one country to the
other.
They wept bitterly, so the
Buddha created an illusory river, a
very large river, so that
they would not be able to cross the border into the other country. He
created a very large, illusory
river, so that they could
see the water. As we read the scripture,
we shared with each other the story of
the Buddha creating a celestial maiden standing and
fanning.
Only those people could see that river,
but that river was not
real. But everyone who was fortunate enough to be saved by the
Buddha was able to do so.  So, the Buddha was also
seen by everyone. Do you understand
this point? They were very attached to him,
and the Buddha gave them the alms bowl.
The alms bowl is the object
that sustains the body, dear friends.
Before he entered Nirvana, he
returned to the people of Li Chay and gave them the alms bowl.
That's why
they returned and built a stupa here to worship the
Buddha's alms bowl.
Later, King
Ashoka restored it,
about 200 years after the Buddha's death. It wasn't in
much disrepair then, but King Ashoka
restored it. Gradually, over the
years, the people here restored it again.
This stupa is 50 meters high and
22 meters in diameter.
But in
1934, due to an earthquake, it collapsed by
10.5 meters, dear friends.  The
design of
that alms bowl is lotus petals.
You see, Venerable Great Friend, not only
lotus petals, but the tower is also made of
lotus petals, and inside those compartments are
Buddha statues. They built everything with
Buddha statues, but due to an earthquake in 1934,
it collapsed, damaging the statues. Afterwards,
they repaired it a little,
but there are no more Buddha statues.
We see that our Buddha is
very compassionate, willing to sacrifice everything for sentient beings.
The alms
bowl symbolizes the object used to sustain the body.
For example, some
monks become ascetics. These ascetics make vows: "Ascetics who
do not have an alms bowl will
not eat rice." These ascetics, who are strict and devout, make vows.
Although the Buddha doesn't force them, some
people want to practice
asceticism strictly to attain enlightenment sooner, and the alms
bowl is what sustains them, and they
don't eat anything outside of the alms bowl.
And then there's that...  The
Buddha finally gave away his alms bowl, my esteemed
disciples. Isn't that wonderful? Returning all
karmic connections means returning everything to
nothing. My esteemed disciples, are you waiting to see if you possess anything
or not? It's truly wonderful! His alms bowl
brings immeasurable value to humanity and the
heavens. King Yu only put a handful of
earth into the Buddha's alms bowl
and became king. My esteemed disciples, do you see? To
become king, a great king,
a king who benefits
himself and all sentient beings, he only offered
a handful of earth into the Buddha's alms bowl.
We see, just a handful of
earth and an alms bowl. Therefore, before the
Buddha's alms bowl, throughout his life of
Dharma, from enlightenment
to Nirvana, countless sentient
beings benefited. My esteemed disciples understand
this: from humans to gods, from humans to gods, from
spirits and demons to monkeys,
even elephants benefited. The
elephant fetched water and offered it to the Buddha in his alms bowl, and the monkey
brought
fruit to the Buddha's alms bowl.
Even with a handful of earth and an alms bowl, it was still an offering.  The bowl given to the Buddha
also brings benefit, so now,
as a large assembly, we will follow the song "
One Bowl of Rice, a Thousand Homes" so that from the moment
we witnessed the monks,
we can now contemplate the scene when
we listen and listen, our minds
focusing on the scene of our Buddha
and the Sangha using this alms bowl to
sow seeds of merit for countless beings.
The venerable monks and nuns beg for alms equally, even if it's just
a handful of earth, they never get angry.
If anyone puts earth in our bowl, they will
die, they will die with us,
right, venerable monks and nuns? But
putting earth into the Buddha's alms bowl brings
such benefit and happiness. Only then will you
understand that a practitioner must
become desireless; that's the point, venerable monks and
nuns. Now, after the mind of the contemplatives has addressed the Buddha,
we will go on to contemplate for eternity. Having renounced the world to practice the
Dharma,
we will practice the ascetic path. Having renounced the world to practice the
Dharma, we must also
have the karmic opportunity to carry the alms bowl and
beg for alms, cultivating the field of merit for all
beings.  Dear fellow practitioners, all
achievements for us must
first have a cause and effect. First, we
must rejoice in alms-gathering, we must make offerings to the
alms-gathering monks, and we must have a wish.
This wish is called a sacred prayer. We pray for
things that will give rise to the cause and effect, so that we may become
Buddhas, saints, and Bodhisattvas. Please try your best. Namo
Buddha Shakyamuni. We respectfully
bow to our benevolent father, the Father
of all beings. He is always for the benefit
of all beings.
Today, we have gathered here at the alms-gathering stupa to
reflect on
his compassion. Through his giving the alms-gathering vessel
as
sustenance for the people,
we think that not only in
this life, but
in many lifetimes, he has never
cared for himself, never thought about hunger or satiety,
never thought about
food. He lived for the benefit of all beings, and
died for the benefit of all beings for countless eons.  He sacrificed
his life for the benefit of all beings, even to the very
last moment before his alms bowl.
When he was seriously
ill, he relinquished his alms
bowl, his only possession, to
benefit all beings. He
knew that his disciples would come here to worship
before his alms bowl. We
believe he also knows that we have
come
here today.
Today, we will pay homage to the stupa and the alms bowl,
paying homage to his compassion. In some future
life, we too will attain
Buddhahood in his enlightened mind, possessing his complete wisdom
and love for us.
Today, we humbly
circumambulate the stupa and the alms bowl. Circumambulating the stupa is an
act of praise,
circumambulating the stupa is an act of obedience, circumambulating the stupa is a form of learning. For generations to come,
we will follow in
his footsteps,
become monks, practice asceticism,
hold the alms bowl in our hands, and
officially benefit
all beings. We vow that in every
lifetime we hold the alms bowl,
we will diligently
practice so that
whoever makes offerings to us will also
receive lasting happiness and blessings.
We humbly beseech the Buddha, our
esteemed father, to witness and support
us. We humbly circumambulate the
stupa, remembering the kindness of our
esteemed father. We ask our esteemed father to witness and support
us.
[Music] The
stupa with the alms bowl stands majestically between
heaven and earth, a monument of earth enduring through
time, bearing witness to the great compassion
of the
Buddha. All living beings
fight and kill each other for food, but the
Buddha and his disciples, with their alms bowl,
sowed immeasurable blessings for humans,
gods, and all beings. Finally, upon his passing, he left the
alms bowl behind for all beings,
creating blessings for all beings.
Those who have passed by, who have
contemplated, paid homage, and praised,
will
have the opportunity to enter the stream of liberation. The alms
bowl, carried by bare feet throughout the world
without rest,
brings warmth, comfort, and happiness to all beings
throughout his life, from the last to countless lifetimes. In
every step and every enjoyment of the Buddha's teachings, he, the
Tathagata, the
Perfectly Enlightened One, neither comes nor goes;
everything is for the sake of all beings.  Today, we humbly
circumambulate the stupa of the alms bowl, expressing our gratitude
to our esteemed Buddha Father. We
pray that our esteemed Buddha Father will bless
us so that we may also be on the
path to Supreme Enlightenment, sustaining our lives
through the benefit and
happiness of all beings.
As we
circumambulate the stupa, we also pray
for the power of the Buddha to bless
us, so that we may become more enlightened and more diligent. We humbly inform our
esteemed Buddha Father that the
boy, in his previous life as King Ashoka, once
saw the Buddha Buddha in his majestic form, holding the alms bowl and begging for food. He offered a
handful of
earth as a karmic connection.
Our esteemed Buddha Shakyamuni
accepted this handful of earth and blessed
that boy, so that he may later become king and protect the Three Jewels,
preserve the
Dharma, and build all the sacred sites of the
Buddha, so that our esteemed Buddha Father may have a place of
refuge for all
beings. We believe that we were
born in a time without a
Buddha, who has entered Nirvana, but his great compassion and loving-kindness are
boundless.  Present throughout this entire realm
today, the fully endowed form, the fully endowed great compassion,
is the form of the Buddha, our loving
father. The stupa with the alms bowl is the form of the alms bowl.
Our hearts are filled with
reverence and enlightenment regarding the great compassion of the Buddha, the loving father of all beings. We, like the young boy of old, also ask to have it right here within us. We also offer it as a sacrifice and pray that the
Buddha blesses
us so that we may become beings beneficial to the Buddha Dharma, beings diligent on the path to Supreme Enlightenment. In our hearts, in our vows, in
our actions in this present life, right
now, we are practicing the Six
Harmonious Principles to attain Supreme Enlightenment with
all sincerity. We ask the loving father to
bless us with
the things he has entrusted to
us. May the loving father bless
us with everything we find
happiness in, because only the Buddha knows
what happiness is for us, and can give us
and all beings the
highest and best happiness. We vow to
protect...  We, the Three Jewels, will pray for supreme enlightenment
in the vow of the compassionate Father.
Now, we, with our separate bodies and solitary minds,
together offer our offerings. We humbly beseech the
Buddha to witness our
offerings, for we
see that we currently possess nothing
more than what is before
our eyes. We offer these things from
our homes.
[Music]
Namo Buddha Shakyamuni.
Today, our group is traveling from India,
so we do not buy anything to offer.
We offer our hearts,
our sincere devotion,
and we also offer
small flowers, wildflowers, and
we pray that
this mind of ours is the mind of Bodhi. We pray that all sentient beings in the Dharma realm may
enjoy blessings and have the karmic connections to
offer to the alms bowls of the
Sangha. We pray that the alms-gathering practice of the Sangha may continue in the world, cultivating merit for sentient beings. We pray that the
alms bowl of the
Sangha may remain in the world to bring forth the
image.  The Buddha's teachings allow everyone to
see and personally place
food offerings into the alms bowl. We
respectfully pray that the Venerable Buddha will bear witness to
our aspirations.
We also vow that in many future lives,
wherever we are born, we will
encounter the Three Jewels, the
Sangha, and be the ones to offer alms to the
Sangha. In whatever lifetime we become monks, we will
also be able to carry the alms bowl and beg for food. We humbly
beseech the compassionate Father to bear
witness to our vows. Namo Buddha
Shakyamuni.
We, your disciples, stand here, offering our blessings to
this Buddha Shakyamuni. As a
prince in the golden palace,
enjoying all the
riches, we abandoned the royal palace, holding the
alms bowl in our hands, our feet bare. We strive
for the happiness of all
beings, for our sake, without a moment's
rest. In the
end, we even give
away our alms bowl, our
last possession to sustain
ourselves, and also to give it to all
beings. All of us,
from many lifetimes and many existences, have tried
to receive the
alms bowl of the Venerable Buddha. Through this compassionate acceptance, we have received
blessings.
From the sacrifice of
everything, we have now been united with the Buddha's
teachings. We respectfully offer our gratitude
today before the stupa and alms bowl.
We
vow to
strive for even greater moderation and self-cultivation, to
reduce our
desires and walk the path that
our image has
walked. We ask for eternal remembrance of the
image before the alms
bowl, the image of the Pure Land practice, the image of the
Buddha's virtuous conduct for the benefit of all beings.
We humbly beseech the Buddha to witness
and bless us so that we may have the
courage and diligence to practice the Pure Land, seeking
liberation from impermanence. We humbly beseech the Buddha to witness our actions.
[Music]
We respectfully beseech our
kind Father, the Buddha Shakyamuni.
Before entering Nirvana, he
gave
us, humanity,
his alms bowl, the alms
bowl of merit, to benefit both
humans and celestial beings. Whoever makes offerings to the
alms bowl for many
lifetimes will not suffer and will later become a
Buddha. The alms bowl remains in the world
to teach us, to
remind us of the alms bowl.  We have the
karmic affinity to eliminate
greed when we are ordained. The
alms bowl helps those who have renounced the
world to eliminate
greed for food, greed for fragrance, and greed for taste.
Because we do not eat from the
alms bowl, each dish has its own flavor and aroma.
Therefore, we are bound by
attachments and cannot escape the cycle of rebirth. The
alms bowl is left in the human world for us, those who have the karmic affinity to come here to pay homage and circumambulate the stupa.
Because of greed for food and taste, we are
reborn in
countless lifetimes as animals.
Today, as we circumambulate the stupa, we
pray that we may eliminate greed for
food, eliminate greed for taste, eliminate
the cycles of fighting and snatching for food,
eliminate
the evil of
killing and harming living
beings, eliminate the mutual devouring among
all
species. So that we may progress straight on the path of
liberation from suffering and affliction, avoid conflict, and be
free from the cycle of birth and death.
[Music]
We only pray for all merits, that we may strive diligently and become
Buddhas. We humbly present our prayers to the Benevolent Father, who bears
witness to our vows, that He may grant us refuge
before the alms bowl
in many lifetimes, so that we may complete the
Pure
Land practice and achieve
Greatness.  Like our esteemed father, we humbly and sincerely pray that our esteemed
father will witness and bless us. Respectfully, dear fellow practitioners,
today we have circumambulated the stupa, and
we pray that we may eradicate greed. Those who are greedy for food and hunger become
greedy because they don't think of
others, don't think of other living beings because of greed for food, because they are attached to the
delicious, sweet, and
rich flavors. Because of this attachment to richness, we have killed each other for many lifetimes.
Because we are attached to richness, we kill, and
therefore we are reborn as
insects to eat insects, and then reborn as insects for
the insects to eat insects. That is, we are always
being devoured by each other because of our attachment to richness.
Dear fellow practitioners,
in this world, there is no species
that does not compete to devour
each other, except for those
species that, due to
stubbornness and karmic force, choose their food and
therefore do not kill. For example, buffaloes eat grass,
cows eat grass, rabbits eat carrots, for instance.
That is not
compassion; it is karmic force, not compassion.
Therefore, they only
eat what is in the jar.  With a new bowl, we can attain
compassion today.
We circumambulate the stupa
containing the alms bowl, remembering the merits of mindfulness, gratitude
to the Buddha, the monks begging for alms with their bowls, the blessings of
bare feet
on the long journeys.
We
dedicate all our thoughts to this, to ending our
lives of killing, harming, and devouring each
other. We hope that we may
hold the alms bowl in our hands, begging for
alms, accepting whatever is given,
regardless of whether it is delicious or not, like the
enlightened saints, to benefit all
sentient beings. Once again, I respectfully ask all fellow practitioners for forgiveness
and pray that
in future lives we may be able to beg for alms, to hold the
alms bowl in our hands, to purify ourselves and benefit humanity and all beings. [Music] Dear all, we have circumambulated the stupa containing the alms bowl, and
in
this circumambulation, we have seen the
immense benefit of this alms bowl
for humanity and all
beings. From
this, we see that the Buddha is truly a being who
never ceases to care for sentient beings, even giving an
alms bowl.  The people's devotion to the
Buddha is not simply
because they revere him.
The Buddha
allows us to be in this world because we give
him
material possessions. But the Buddha doesn't give
material possessions; he
gives us the karmic connections and blessings for
eternal happiness.
From these, we gain wealth, wisdom, and
liberation, not just a little
ordinary wealth that can take away this physical body. Through
mindful contemplation, I understand that
beings in the heavenly realms, those beings
who need blessings, still come here to make
offerings and give alms to the esteemed Dharma friends. This
is a wondrous and miraculous thing
from the great compassion of the
Buddha. Over the years, I have repeatedly visited the
alms-giving stupa. The
previous time, I also
allowed the congregation to make offerings to the
alms-giving stupa, but it was
only with a very basic mindset.
This time, I understand that
we can focus on the image of the alms-giving stupa; this image is
true, the
alms-giving here is real. Focus on the image
of the alms-giving stupa and focus on...  The boundless compassion
of the compassionate Father, encompassing the entire universe, is
still present
here, the alms bowl is here. Whoever makes offerings will
receive the same blessings as those who made offerings to the Buddha
when he was alive. Therefore, today's
offerings
bring us immeasurable merit, dear fellow
practitioners. The boundless compassion of the benevolent Father,
Shakyamuni Buddha, and all the
Buddhas is truly inconceivable. Indeed, for
countless eons, he has cared for all sentient beings,
loving us infinitely, and the way
he saves
us is also inconceivable.
Today's opportunity to make offerings
here is just like the beings during the time when the
Buddha was still alive. By making offerings with
complete
reverence, even our smallest wishes will surely be
fulfilled in greater ways, just
like King Yu, who in his
previous life offered a handful of earth, only wishing that he would be blessed in the future.  He was
merely a king, yet the Buddha
blessed him, and he became
a great king in Indian history.
Furthermore, he received unimaginable blessings,
being a true protector of the
Dharma, and his merits were outstanding.
Because of the Buddha's blessings, I
firmly believe that today, the
Buddha will bless us, and
we too will receive
unimaginable karmic blessings. Dear Dharma friends, at
this moment, let us pay
homage to the Buddha,
praying that the Three Jewels and the Sangha will remain in the world for a long time. May the Sangha
remain in the world for a long time.
The image of the monks holding their alms
bowls, acting as the field of
merit for all beings, will continue to exist
in the world forever. The alms bowl will
forever be the place where merit is sown, the source of
happiness for all beings. I
pay homage to the compassionate Father, Buddha
Shakyamuni. I
pay homage to the alms bowl, the field of
blessings for all beings. I
pay homage to the compassion of the compassionate
Father, Buddha Shakyamuni.
[Music]